gh-144370: Disallow usage of control characters in status in ``Lib/wsgiref/handlers.py`` for security (#144371)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2026-01-31-21-56-54.gh-issue-144370.fp9m8t.rst

> Disallow usage of control characters in header names, values and statuses in ``Lib/wsgiref/handlers.py`` for security. Patch by Benedikt Johannes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disallow usage of control characters in headers and status
in :mod:`wsgiref.handlers`` to prevent header injection.
Patch by Benedikt Johannes.
```

Author: Thanks!

> Disallow usage of control characters in status in :mod:`wsgiref.handlers` to prevent injections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disallow usage of control characters in status in :mod:`wsgiref.handlers` to prevent HTTP header injections.
```
